This is a video that will hopefully
convince you to shun what so many people
tell you about getting to one channel
and mastering it and convince you to do
every single lead generation method
available to you.
So in our lead generation funnel, we
have four main ways to generate leads
and everything is going to be basically
under one of these four buckets or
umbrellas. We have paid ads, we have
content, we have outreach and we have
partnerships. So, paid ads, of course,
Google ads, meta ads, Tik Tok, LinkedIn,
but also stuff like sponsoring
newsletters, running on directories,
running on TV, podcast, radio, literally
anything you can think of. We have
content usually on Instagram, Twitter,
YouTube, Tik Tok, LinkedIn, blogs,
newsletters, that kind of stuff. We have
outreach either online or even in person
with our cold emails, cold calls, cold
DMs, manual prospecting,
door-to-door sales, whatever. And then
we have our partnerships, which are
white label, referral, media, and joint
venture. So white label is another
company basically hires you to fulfill
their service. Referral kind of speaks
for itself. Media is you speak at
events, you go on podcasts, you go on
YouTube channels, you are a guest
posting or whatever. And then joint
venture is when you work with someone
else to, you know, form an offer that
neither of you could really fulfill on
yourself and you split the profits or do
whatever. These are the four ways to
drive traffic and get customers. And all
of that traffic flows down the funnel
until usually a sales call if we're
talking about some
product more than $1,000. And that's
kind of how it is for most stuff. 72% of
businesses, as estimated, are service
businesses, and it will this will apply
to every single one of them, whether
that's B2B or B TOC.
The first reason that we want to
basically take advantage of all those
lead generation methods is for
diversification. And I really am not a
big fan of the pick one channel and
master advice that is often given. The
main reason for that is that things are
always changing. And when we always when
we only have one channel, we are
inherently taking on a lot of risk. an
ad account gets banned, a cold email
algorithm changes, or the exploits get
patched, or your content just doesn't
break out to cold audiences for a while,
and you turn a couple clients or
whatever, and you're essentially back to
zero. Having multiple traffic sources
will prevent that from happening. And if
if and one fails, the others can pick up
the slack and stop the bleeding and lead
to a much more stable business. The
second is that when you do all of these
different traffic sources, each one of
them make the other ones more effective.
What is lost on many people in my
opinion is that when you do all four of
these as part of the overall system, you
make them each more effective
individually, too. For example, if
someone has seen your paid ads and your
content before, maybe they follow you,
maybe they, you know, booked a call at
one point and didn't buy, they're much
more likely to respond favorably to your
outreach if and when they kind of
randomly get it two months from now. Or
if someone clicks on your ad and goes to
your profile and there's a bunch of
useful content on there, they're much
more likely to click and convert or take
whatever action that you want them to
take in comparison to if your profile
was blank. And there's just many
situations of how this works together.
And you're never really going to make
the most out of one channel when it's
the only channel you do. Contrary to
that popular advice, it's kind of an
oxymoron to some degree. Not an
oxymoron, but I don't know how I don't
know what the word would be. But you can
only really get the most out of each
channel by having the other channels
alongside it.
The next one is that when you have all
of those four methods, they average out
both cost and scale. And all four of the
methods cost varying amounts. There's
costs in time and labor, but there's
also costs in dollars. Then there are
varying amounts in terms of scale,
predictability, and being potentially
viral, I guess you could say. Content is
cheap, or it's free if you do it
yourself, but it's very timeintensive
and unpredictable. Outreach is cheap,
but it's very linear and can be labor
intensive to manage if it's at a large
scale. When you add, you know, there's
not really a situation where you get
exponential results from outreach. It's
more of you want to double your leads
from outreach, you have to just double
the amount of outreach you're going to
do. Paid ads cost money and are
expensive, but they don't require much
time and they have the most infinite
potential in terms of scaling.
Partnerships take a long time to form
and build, but both unlock scale and
stability once you have those good
partnerships. If you were to do only one
of those methods, you wouldn't really be
well-rounded, and you would suffer in
terms of costs or in terms of time,
effort, and scale as opposed to all of
them. So, if you are spending all this
money on ads and labor, and that's all
you do, you're just going to have a high
customer acquisition cost. You're going
to be scalable, but you're going to be
less profitable. you put in the content,
you put in the outreach to supplement
that, you're going to basically get the
best of all the worlds. If you just only
did outreach, there's no long-term
assets, there's no real, you know,
exponential scale, there's no virality.
And if you just did content, it's fine,
but your income is going to be very
unpredictable. So, they average out
cost, the stability, and the scale when
you do all four of them.
The next is for those who have
aspirations to sell their business one
day because all four of them make your
business way more valuable. The question
that I think everybody should be asking
themselves is does my business have a
high likelihood of producing future cash
flow without me being involved? That's a
good question to kind of get a valuation
or determine how valuable your business
is. That is the question that determines
whether or not your business is valuable
and can be sold. and if sold for what
terms or what amount. Because a lot of
people brag that they had an exit for 50
million, but if you look at the terms,
it's 90% earnout. They were going to be
lucky to get 2.5 of that after tax. And
it's just it sounds good, but often
times the terms of selling your business
are just as, if not more important than
the actual amount. Having multiple
different traffic sources that can be
managed and largely fulfilled by
multiple different people or teams leads
to big enterprise value. You might have
a content team. You might have a paid
ads team. You might have a outreach
team. You might have a partnerships team
that you are not really involved in
other than the actual being the face of
the content.
Obviously, this does not mean you have
to sell your business or even desire
that.
I think it's a great point of view when
you're building and just thinking in
general because the same things that
make your business valuable to either an
investor or an acquirer are the exact
same things that make it valuable to
you. Stability, cash flow, profit, high
likelihood of producing cash flow in the
future and all that kind of stuff. So,
you don't have to sell, but the
interests of you and a potential
acquirer are identical as you're the
owner and you're going to reap that
reward. They buy it because it's going
to make a lot of money. You keep it
because it's gonna make a lot of money.
The next is that when you only have one
of these things, you simply cannot
capture the entire market without all of
them. Certain people just don't use
certain platforms and just will not
respond to certain things. It's
different for everybody. Some people
will respond to ads only. Some people
respond to content. Some people don't
consume anything and you have to
outreach them. Some people won't even do
anything with you unless someone else
recommended you, like a partnership. And
this is especially true as you go up
market and start selling to bigger and
bigger businesses. And is also true with
older audiences. If you're not using all
forms of traffic, you're not really even
going to capture a sliver of your
overall potential. For many people,
especially the older ones and the more
important ones who are busier, the only
way to contact them is through outreach.
For others, they won't do anything
unless they watch 10 videos first. For
some, they're just doom scrolling all
day and they click on an ad and that's
really all they do. For the highest
value clients, it's usually partnerships
or networking. So, you have to do all of
them. And if you don't do all of them,
you will not be able to make a large
percentage of your target market even be
aware of your existence, let alone bring
them to the where they're a lead and
then a prospect and then a client. So
all in all that is why you need to do
every lead generation method available
to you. Of course start usually you're
going to start with cont or outreach
then you're going to add on content then
ads while forming partnerships but don't
stop or don't just become a master of
one because when you do that these five
benefits are not going to be available
to you and your business is going to
suffer for it. So that is it for today.
If you like this video, give me a
comment and subscription and I will see
you next time.